-- The Lemonade Stand --
By Ammar Durrani

It was night.
Inside of this endless night.
The man looked at the tiny clock on the wall.

It was 11:43 PM.
It had been that for what seemed like an hour.

Everything was still.
And no matter what he tried, everything was stuck.
Even if he tried to hold something, it wouldn't do a thing.
Opening one of the gates in his four-sided stand, with 3 full walls and one with a half-wall,having one of those green striped patterns directly above the empty space lying on the tiny peice of wall above.

It was still 11:43 in the plaza.
Nobody was coming, and he was starting to drift off to sleep.


Then, an hour later, there was knocking.
Somebody was knocking on the counter.
He steadily woke up, realizing it was 11:53 PM.
The man, realizing that what had seemed like purgatory had ended, was filled with exitement.

But of course, there was a customer.
He had forgotten why he was here, until the customer snapped his fingers, and soon the man's attention was instantly drawn to the customer's hand.
"Are you awake?"

The man, just standing there, fully energized and leaning on the counter, said "Yes."

"This is a Lemonade Stand, is it not?"
Right at that moment, he remembered why and where he was here.
"This is certainly a lemonade stand."
The customer introduced himself.
"I am Tochiri. Your name?"
"Kochni, spelled K-O-C-H-N-I. No T."

There was a pause, as 3 minutes had already passed.

Finally, the pause had broke at 11:58.
The pause lasted for 2 minutes.

"Why are you here?" asked Kochni.
"You don't know?".
They stared at each other for presicely 3.8 seconds.
"I'm here to order some Lemonade."
Kochni knew what to do.
"What do you want to order?" Kochni had politely asked.

"I want all of your cups." Tochiri said, in a neutral and easygoing voice.
Kochni was confused.

"Why would you want my entire stock of cups?"
"I have no idea."

They stared, Kochni being visibly confused, and Tochiri having this look on his face which very clearly shows that he has no idea what he is doing.
Kochni pulled his chair near him, because he knew he was going to be in for a long ride.

All of a sudden, Tochiri instantly snapped into a very straight standing position.
Then Tochiri had no idea what was going on.

"What was I doing again?"
"You were going to buy all of the cups, sir."
Tochriri thought for a second.

"Oh, it must be my short-term memory loss condition."
Kochni understood.
"I have had so many customers with simillar conditions."

Then Tochiri started to reconsider.

"What if I granted you a wish?"
Kochiri quickly asked -
"What about the cups?"

"Don't worry abhout them."
"Anyways, your wish. What are you wishing for?"

Kochiri was putting a lot of thought.
But then he instantly remembered: "Isn't there supposed to be some kind of catch?"

"Yes. The catch is that I don't - *snap* 			(quick note, this just means that his sentence was cut off, not everything after this is said by Tochiri. Same goes for the other times this happens.)
"What was I going to do?"

Kochiri didn't want to be mean, but he didn't want this to drag on.
He checked the small clock, and saw that it was 1 AM. He had to go home.

"You were... Going to order some lemonade, sir."

They proceeded with the order.
"Are you tired or anything...?" Tochiri had asked.
Wearily, Kochiri replied with "Check the time, that should explain it."

Seeing that it was 1:38 AM on his watch, Tochiri realized and said "Alright, you gotta --- hey wake up!"
Kochiri stood up, and Tochiri said "Go home, get some sleep."

20 minutes later and Kochiri fumbled onto bed.

Wasn't until 3 PM when he woke up.
But time was frozen.

Again.